"original","clean"
"Q: Why did the blind blonde cross the road?  A: She was following her seeing-eye chicken. ","    blind blonde cross  road?     following  seeing-eye chicken. "
"Q: Why did the one-handed man cross the road?  A: To get to the second hand shop. ","    one-handed man cross  road?    get   second hand shop. "
"Q: Why did the monkey cross the road?  A: So he could get spanked. ","    monkey cross  road?      get spanked. "
"Q: Why did the turkey cross the road?  A: Because he wasn't a chicken. ","    turkey cross  road?       chicken. "
"Q: Why did the fat turkey cross the road?  A: To get hit by my car. ","    fat turkey cross  road?    get hit   car. "
"Why did George W. Bush cross the road?  To ask his dad how to run the presidency. ","  george w. bush cross  road?   ask  dad   run  presidency. "
"Q: Why did the gum cross the road?  A: Beacause it was stuck to the chicken's foot. ","    gum cross  road?   beacause   stuck   chicken's foot. "
"Q: Why did the woman cross the road?  A: I don't know, but where'd she get shoes and what is she doing out of the kitchen? ","    woman cross  road?     know,  'd  get shoes         kitchen? "
"Why did the chickens cross the road?  They thought it was an egg-cellent idea! ","   chickens cross  road?   thought    egg-cellent idea! "
"Why did the dinosaur cross the road?  The chicken wasn’t around yet. ","   dinosaur cross  road?   chicken wasn’t around yet. "
"Why did the cow cross the road?  Because the chicken was on holiday. ","   cow cross  road?    chicken   holiday. "
"Why did the chicken cross the playground?  To get to the other slide. ","   chicken cross  playground?   get    slide. "
"Why did the dog cross the road twice?  He was trying to fetch a boomerang! ","   dog cross  road twice?    trying  fetch  boomerang! "
"Why did the fish cross the ocean?  To get to the other tide! ","   fish cross  ocean?   get    tide! "
"Why did the spider cross the road?  To get to his web site! ","   spider cross  road?   get   web site! "
"Why did the fish cross the road?  To get to its school. ","   fish cross  road?   get   school. "
"Why did the cow cross the road?  To get to the udder side. ","   cow cross  road?   get   udder side. "
"Why did the dog cross the road?  Because he was chasing the chicken. ","   dog cross  road?     chasing  chicken. "
"Why did the duck cross the road?  Because it thought it was a chicken. ","   duck cross  road?    thought    chicken. "
"Why did the cactus cross the road?  Because he was stuck to the chicken's back. ","   cactus cross  road?     stuck   chicken's back. "
"Why did the rooster cross the road?  To prove he wasn't a chicken. ","   rooster cross  road?   prove    chicken. "
"Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?  Because he didn't have the guts. ","   skeleton cross  road?       guts. "
"Why did the sheep cross the road?  To get to the Baa Baa Shop for a haircut. ","   sheep cross  road?   get   baa baa shop   haircut. "
"Why did the chicken cross the road?  Because she was getting tired of just standing there! ","   chicken cross  road?     getting tired  just standing ! "
"Why did the turtle cross the road?  To get to the shell station. ","   turtle cross  road?   get   shell station. "
"Why did the chicken stop crossing the road?  It got tired of everyone making so many jokes! ","   chicken stop crossing  road?   got tired  everyone making  many jokes! "
"Q: What do you call a boomerang that won't come back?  A: A stick. ","    call  boomerang   come back?    stick. "
"Q: What do you call a clairvoyant midget who just broke out of prison?  A: A small medium at large. ","    call  clairvoyant midget  just broke   prison?    small medium  large. "
"Q: What's the best thing about having Alzheimer's Disease?  A: You can hide your own easter eggs. "," 's  best thing   alzheimer's disease?    can hide   easter eggs. "
"Q: What's the difference between ‘Oooh’ and ‘Aaah’?  A: About 3 inches "," 's  difference  ‘oooh’  ‘aaah’?    3 inches "
"Q: How do you know if a blonde has been sending e-mail?  A: You see a bunch of envelopes stuffed into the disk drive. ","    know   blonde   sending e-mail?    see  bunch  envelopes stuffed   disk drive. "
"Q: Why do most women pay more attention to their appearance than improving their minds?  A: Because most men are stupid but few are blind. ","    women pay  attention   appearance  improving  minds?     men  stupid    blind. "
"Q: What do you call a group of blondes on roller skates?  A: A mobile sperm bank. ","    call  group  blondes  roller skates?    mobile sperm bank. "
"Q: How do you tell a male chromosome from a female chromosome?  A: Pull down its genes. ","    tell  male chromosome   female chromosome?   pull   genes. "
"Q: What do breasts and martinis have in common?  A: One is not enough and three are too many. ","   breasts  martinis   common?   one   enough  three   many. "
"Q: What do you call a row of rabbits jumping backwards?  A: A receding hair line. ","    call  row  rabbits jumping backwards?    receding hair line. "
"What do you call a song sung in an automobile? A cartoon. ","   call  song sung   automobile?  cartoon. "
"What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh. ","   call  fish   eyes? fsh. "
"What to you call a deer with no eyes? No eye deer. ","   call  deer   eyes?  eye deer. "
"How do you make a hot dog stand? Steal its chair. ","   make  hot dog stand? steal  chair. "
"What can you hold without ever touching it? A conversation. "," can  hold without ever touching ?  conversation. "
"What clothes does a house wear? Address. "," clothes   house wear? address. "
"What country makes you shiver? Chile. "," country makes  shiver? chile. "
"What do you get when you cross a stream and a brook? Wet feet. ","   get   cross  stream   brook? wet feet. "
"What do you get when you cross poison ivy with a 4-leaf clover? A rash of good luck. ","   get   cross poison ivy   4-leaf clover?  rash  good luck. "
"What has a lot of keys but can not open any doors? A piano. ","   lot  keys  can  open  doors?  piano. "
"What did the mother broom say to the baby broom? It's time to go to sweep. ","   mother broom say   baby broom? 's time  go  sweep. "
"What did the necktie say to the hat? You go on ahead. I'll hang around for a while. ","   necktie say   hat?  go  ahead. 'll hang around   . "
"What did the rug say to the floor? Don't move, I've got you covered. ","   rug say   floor?  move, 've got  covered. "
"Why did the doughnut shop close? The owner got tired of the (w)hole business! ","   doughnut shop close?  owner got tired   (w)hole business! "
"What do you call a country where everyone has to drive a red car? A red carnation. ","   call  country  everyone   drive  red car?  red carnation. "
"What's round and bad-tempered? A vicious circle. ","'s round  bad-tempered?  vicious circle. "
"What do you get when you cross a stream and a brook? Wet feet. ","   get   cross  stream   brook? wet feet. "
"What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad. "," happens  frogs park illegally?  get toad. "
"What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop. ","   call  pig   karate?  pork chop. "
"What do you call a song sung in an automobile? A cartoon. ","   call  song sung   automobile?  cartoon. "
"What do you do when your chair breaks? Call a chairman. ","      chair breaks? call  chairman. "
"What do you get if you cross a chicken with a cement mixer? A brick layer! ","   get   cross  chicken   cement mixer?  brick layer! "
"Q. What's the difference between Simba and OJ Simpson?  A. One is an African lion and the other is a lion African! ",". 's  difference  simba  oj simpson?  . one   african lion      lion african! "
"Q. What's the difference between Princess Diana and Tiger Woods?  A. Tiger Woods had a better driver! ",". 's  difference  princess diana  tiger woods?  . tiger woods   better driver! "
"Q: Why can't you smoke weed in Iraq?  A: Because there is no piece in the middle east! ","    smoke weed  iraq?       piece   middle east! "
"Question: Why do most married men die before their wives?  Answer: Because they want to. ","question    married men die   wives?  answer   want . "
"Question: What do diapers and Politicians have in common?  Answer: They both need changing regularly - for exactly the same reason. ","question   diapers  politicians   common?  answer   need changing regularly -  exactly   reason. "
"Question: What is the definition of the early evening news?  Answer: It starts with the words "Good evening" then spends the next half an hour tellling you why it isn't one. ","question    definition   early evening news?  answer  starts   words "good evening"  spends  next half  hour tellling     one. "
"Question:What device will find furniture in a poorly lit room every time?  Answer: Your shinbone ","question device will find furniture   poorly lit room every time?  answer  shinbone "
"Question: Why do parents give children a middle name?  Answer: So the child knows when it is in seriously in trouble ","question   parents give children  middle name?  answer   child knows     seriously  trouble "
"Question: What is another name for female Viagra?  Answer: A Diamond ","question   another name  female viagra?  answer  diamond "
"Question: What did the cowboy say went he went into the car showroom in Germany?  Answer: Audi ","question    cowboy say went  went   car showroom  germany?  answer audi "
"Question : What is the quickest way to speed up your 70 year old husband’s heart rate?  Answer : Tell him that you are pregnant ","question     quickest way  speed   70 year old husband’s heart rate?  answer  tell     pregnant "
"Question: What is the best way to avoid wrinkles as you age?  Answer : Remove your spectacles ","question    best way  avoid wrinkles   age?  answer  remove  spectacles "
"Question : What three letters alter boys into men and girls into women?  Answer : AGE ","question   three letters alter boys  men  girls  women?  answer  age "
"Question : Why are fish so easy to weigh?  Answer : Because they have their own scales ","question    fish  easy  weigh?  answer       scales "
"Question: How you know that you are flying with a "no frills" airline?  Answer: You need to have the correct change to board the plane. ","question   know    flying   " frills" airline?  answer  need    correct change  board  plane. "
"Question: Why do "no frills" airlines never show movies on their flights?  Answer: They don’t need to. You keep seeing your life flashing before your very eyes. ","question   " frills" airlines never show movies   flights?  answer  don’t need .  keep seeing  life flashing    eyes. "
"Question: On a turkey, which side would you find most feathers?  Answer: The outside ","question   turkey,  side   find  feathers?  answer  outside "
"Question: Why is that all cats dislike flying saucers?  Answer: Because it is impossible for them to reach the milk. ","question     cats dislike flying saucers?  answer    impossible    reach  milk. "
"Question: If a cat has nine lives, what has more?  Answer: A frog – it croaks every day. ","question   cat  nine lives,   ?  answer  frog –  croaks every day. "
"Question: Which ballet do pigs like best?  Answer: Swine Lake. ","question  ballet  pigs like best?  answer swine lake. "
"Question: What is the big difference between chopped pork and pea soup?  Answer : Everybody can chop pork but everyone can't pea soup. ","question    big difference  chopped pork  pea soup?  answer  everybody can chop pork  everyone  pea soup. "
"Question: Why is it that we don't eat clowns?  Answer: They taste funny ","question       eat clowns?  answer  taste funny "
"Question: If you saw two cowboys in a kitchen, which would be the real one?  Answer : The one stood by the range. ","question   saw two cowboys   kitchen,     real one?  answer   one stood   range. "
"Question: Where would you find a dog with one leg?  Answer: Exactly where you had left it. ","question    find  dog  one leg?  answer exactly    left . "
"Question: Why did the room packed with married people seem empty?  Answer: Because there wasn't a single person there. ","question    room packed  married people seem empty?  answer     single person . "
"Question: What's the difference between a pessimist and a magnet?  Answer: A magnet has a positive side. ","question 's  difference   pessimist   magnet?  answer  magnet   positive side. "
"Question : What is the longest sentence that a man knows?  Answer: I do. ","question     longest sentence   man knows?  answer  . "
"Question: What do you call a chicken that is crossing the road?  Answer: Poultry in motion ","question    call  chicken   crossing  road?  answer poultry  motion "
"Question: What is a quicker way to transfer money than electronic banking?  Answer: Marriage. ","question    quicker way  transfer money  electronic banking?  answer marriage. "
"Question: What would you have if you crossed a panther with a beef burger?  Answer: Really fast food. ","question       crossed  panther   beef burger?  answer really fast food. "
"Question: What would you have if you crossed a pig with a karate expert?  Answer: Pork chops ","question       crossed  pig   karate expert?  answer pork chops "
"Question: Why do traffic lights rarely go swimming?  Answer: They take much too long to change. ","question   traffic lights rarely go swimming?  answer  take much  long  change. "
"Question: Why do thieves shower before they commit crime?  Answer: Because they like a clean getaway. ","question   thieves shower   commit crime?  answer   like  clean getaway. "
"Question: What type of bow can never be tied?  Answer: A Rainbow. ","question  type  bow can never  tied?  answer  rainbow. "
"Question: Why did Jack take a prune out for the evening?  Answer: He couldn’t get a date. ","question   jack take  prune    evening?  answer  couldn’t get  date. "
"Question: Why couldn’t the pirate play poker?  Answer: He was sat on the deck. ","question  couldn’t  pirate play poker?  answer   sat   deck. "
"Question: Which is the loudest state in the U.S.A.?  Answer: ILLI NOISE. ","question    loudest state   u.s..?  answer illi noise. "
"Question: Why is it that birds fly southwards for the winter?  Answer: Because it is much too far to walk. ","question     birds fly southwards   winter?  answer    much  far  walk. "
"Question: Why is it unpleasant to eat a meal next to a group of basketball players?.  Answer: They dribble far too much. ","question    unpleasant  eat  meal next   group  basketball players?.  answer  dribble far  much. "
"Question: How many teachers would it take to find their way out of a maze?  Answer: No idea as none have ever made it out yet. ","question  many teachers   take  find  way    maze?  answer  idea  none  ever made   yet. "
"Question: Where can you obtain virgin wool?  Answer: Really ugly sheep. ","question  can  obtain virgin wool?  answer really ugly sheep. "
"Question: How can you treble the value any Skoda car?  Answer: Put a gallon of petrol in it. ","question  can  treble  value  skoda car?  answer put  gallon  petrol  . "
"Question: What is the best definition of a mixed emotion?  Answer: Watching the mother-in-law reverse off a cliff driving your brand new car. ","question    best definition   mixed emotion?  answer watching  mother--law reverse   cliff driving  brand new car. "
"Question: What is a cow with no legs called?  Answer: Ground Beef. ","question    cow   legs called?  answer ground beef. "
"Question: Why does a divorce cost so much?  Answer: Because it is worth it. ","question    divorce cost  much?  answer    worth . "
"Question: Where would a 65 year old man find a young, attractive woman who would take any interest in him?  Answer : The local bookshop in the section marked "fiction". ","question    65 year old man find  young, attractive woman   take  interest  ?  answer   local bookshop   section marked "fiction". "
"Question: Why is it a good to use valet parking as you get older?  Answer: Because they will remember where the car was parked. ","question     good  use valet parking   get older?  answer   will remember   car  parked. "
"Question : If it takes six men eight hours for a wall to be built, how long would three men take to build it?  Answer : It wouldn't take any time - it has already been built. ","question    takes six men eight hours   wall   built,  long  three men take  build ?  answer    take  time -   already  built. "
"Question : What would you have if you had four peaches and three pears in one hand with four pears and three peaches in the other?  Answer: Incredibly large hands. ","question         four peaches  three pears  one hand  four pears  three peaches   ?  answer incredibly large hands. "
"Question: How would you lift a giraffe with one hand?  Answer: Doesn't matter as you won't find any one handed giraffe? ","question    lift  giraffe  one hand?  answer  matter    find  one handed giraffe? "
"Question: If a green stone was thrown into the sea what does it become?"  Answer: Wet ","question   green stone  thrown   sea    become?"  answer wet "
"Question : What falls regularly although never gets hurt?  Answer : Rain ","question   falls regularly although never gets hurt?  answer  rain "
"Question : What route do crazy people take to go through the woods?  Answer: They follow the psycho path. ","question   route  crazy people take  go   woods?  answer  follow  psycho path. "
"Question: How would a spoilt little rich girl change a light bulb?  Answer: She would ask Daddy to buy her a new apartment ","question    spoilt little rich girl change  light bulb?  answer   ask daddy  buy   new apartment "
"Question: What do people in prison use to communicate with one another?  Answer: Cell phones ","question   people  prison use  communicate  one another?  answer cell phones "
"Question: What would happen if you were to cross two snowmen with three vampires?  Answer: You would get severe frostbite ","question   happen     cross two snowmen  three vampires?  answer   get severe frostbite "
"Question: What is big, fuzzy and green with four legs and six pockets and if it were to fall from a tree it would probably kill you?  Answer: A snooker table. ","question   big, fuzzy  green  four legs  six pockets      fall   tree   probably kill ?  answer  snooker table. "
"Question: What lettuce was served in the salad bar on the Titanic?  Answer: Iceberg ","question  lettuce  served   salad bar   titanic?  answer iceberg "
"Question: What shakes and twitches and can be found at the sea bottom?  Answer: A nervous wreck ","question  shakes  twitches  can  found   sea bottom?  answer  nervous wreck "
"Question: Why is it there so many people with the surname Jones in the telephone book?  Answer: Because they have got phones. ","question      many people   surname jones   telephone book?  answer    got phones. "
"Question: Why is it that people always walk whenever they play the bagpipes?  Answer: Even they are attempting to get away from that awful noise. ","question     people always walk whenever  play  bagpipes?  answer even   attempting  get away   awful noise. "
"Question: What happened to the man who lost his left arm, left leg and eye in an accident?  Answer: It was touch and go but he is all right now. ","question  happened   man  lost  left arm, left leg  eye   accident?  answer   touch  go     right now. "
"Question: What was the name of the person who made King Arthur’s Round Table?  Answer: Sir Cumferance ","question    name   person  made king arthur’s round table?  answer sir cumferance "
"Q: What do you call rabbits that are hopping in reverse?  A: Simple, it is called a receding hare-line [hairline]. ","    call rabbits   hopping  reverse?   simple,   called  receding hare-line [hairline]. "
"Q: What do you call an old snowman?  A: Water. ","    call  old snowman?   water. "
"Q: Which coat is always wet when you put it on?  A: Obviously, a coat of paint. ","  coat  always wet   put  ?   obviously,  coat  paint. "
"Q: Which is the most curious letter?  A: Y? ","     curious letter?   y? "
"Q: A word consists of six letters. If you take away the last, only twelve remain. What is the word?  A: The word is “Dozens” ","  word consists  six letters.   take away  last,  twelve remain.    word?    word  “dozens” "
"Q: What kind of songs do lions sing at Christmas time?  A: Jungle bells [not jingle bells]! ","  kind  songs  lions sing  christmas time?   jungle bells [ jingle bells]! "
"Q: When is a boat like a pile of snow?  A: When it is adrift. ","    boat like  pile  snow?      adrift. "
"Q: How do snowmen get around?  A: On their icicles. ","   snowmen get around?     icicles. "
"Q: Which baseball player holds water?  A: The pitcher. ","  baseball player holds water?    pitcher. "
"Q: How are baseball players always in contact with one another?  A: They must touch base often. ","   baseball players always  contact  one another?    must touch base often. "
"Q: Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road?  A: He did not have any guts. ","  didn’t  skeleton cross  road?        guts. "
"Q: What is a Pumpkin pi [pie]?  A: It is what you get when you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter? ","    pumpkin pi [pie]?       get   divide  circumference   pumpkin   diameter? "
"Q: Why don’t ghosts like rain?  A: Because it dampens their spirits. ","  don’t ghosts like rain?     dampens  spirits. "
"Q: What do you call a dinosaur from Texas?  A: Tyrannosaurus Tex [Rex] ","    call  dinosaur  texas?   tyrannosaurus tex [rex] "
"Q: What do you call a dinosaur that wrecks everything?  A: Tyrannosaurus wrecks [Rex] ","    call  dinosaur  wrecks everything?   tyrannosaurus wrecks [rex] "
"Q: How do you make a hot dog stand?  A: Steal its chair. ","    make  hot dog stand?   steal  chair. "
"Q: How do we make an egg laugh?  A: Tell them a yolk [joke] ","    make  egg laugh?   tell   yolk [joke] "
"Q: How do you prevent a summer cold?  A: Catch it in the winter! ","    prevent  summer cold?   catch    winter! "
"Q: How does a pig go to hospital?  A: Obviously, in a hambulance. ","    pig go  hospital?   obviously,   hambulance. "
"Q: What bird can lift the most?  A: The crane. ","  bird can lift  ?    crane. "
"Q: What can you hold without ever touching it?  A: A conversation. ","  can  hold without ever touching ?    conversation. "
"Q: What kind of clothes does a house wear?  A: Ad-dress. ","  kind  clothes   house wear?   ad-dress. "
"Q: Which country makes you shiver?  A: Chile. ","  country makes  shiver?   chile. "
"Q: Why was one magnet infatuated by the other magnet?  A: Obviously, they were attracted. ","   one magnet infatuated    magnet?   obviously,   attracted. "
"Q: What did Delaware [Dela wear]?  A: Her New Jersey. ","   delaware [dela wear]?    new jersey. "
"Q: What did the mother broom say to the baby broom?  A: It is time to go to sweep [sleep] ","    mother broom say   baby broom?     time  go  sweep [sleep] "
"Q: What did the rug say to the floor?  A: Don't move, I have got you covered. ","    rug say   floor?    move,   got  covered. "
"Q: What do you call a person who is born in the USA, grows up in UK, and then dies in Japan?  A: Dead. ","    call  person   born   usa, grows   uk,   dies  japan?   dead. "
"Q: Why does the Easter Bunny have a shiny nose?  A: His powder puff is on the wrong end. ","    easter bunny   shiny nose?    powder puff    wrong end. "
"Q: Why were the teacher's eyes crossed?  A: She could not control her pupils. ","    teacher's eyes crossed?      control  pupils. "
"Q: What do you call a song sung in an automobile?  A: A cartoon [car tune] ","    call  song sung   automobile?    cartoon [car tune] "
"Q: What do you call the best butter on the farm?  A: A goat. ","    call  best butter   farm?    goat. "
"Q: Whom do you call when your chair cracks?  A: Call the chairman. ","    call   chair cracks?   call  chairman. "
"Q: What do you get if you cross the Easter bunny with a bug?  A: You get Bugs Bunny. ","    get   cross  easter bunny   bug?    get bugs bunny. "
"Q: What do you get when you cross a stream and a brook?  A: Wet feet. ","    get   cross  stream   brook?   wet feet. "
"Q: When do frogs become toads?  A: When frogs park illegally, they get toad [towed]. ","   frogs become toads?    frogs park illegally,  get toad [towed]. "
"Q: What has many keys but is unable to pen any locks?  A: A piano. ","   many keys   unable  pen  locks?    piano. "
"Q: What is a tree's favorite drink?  A: Root beer. ","    tree's favorite drink?   root beer. "
"Q: What do you do when you find that there is a gorilla in your bed?  A: Try to sleep elsewhere, without waking the gorilla. ","       find     gorilla   bed?   try  sleep elsewhere, without waking  gorilla. "
"Q: What kind of ties can't you wear?  A: Railroad ties. ","  kind  ties   wear?   railroad ties. "
"Q: What lies on its back, one hundred feet in the air?  A: A dead centipede. ","  lies   back, one hundred feet   air?    dead centipede. "
"Q: How can you tell vampires like baseball?  A: Every night they turn into bats. ","  can  tell vampires like baseball?   every night  turn  bats. "
"Q: What would the country be called if everyone in it lived in their cars?  A: An in-car-nation. ","    country  called  everyone   lived   cars?    -car-nation. "
"Q: What is a presidential seal?  A: It is a gray animal that eats fish, and lives in Washington, D.C. ","    presidential seal?      gray animal  eats fish,  lives  washington, d.c. "
"Q: Where did the farmer take the pigs on a Sunday morning?  A: It was holiday, so he took them to a pignic [picnic] ","    farmer take  pigs   sunday morning?     holiday,   took    pignic [picnic] "
"Q: What is the nightclub for fortunetellers called?  A: The crystal ball. ","    nightclub  fortunetellers called?    crystal ball. "
"Q: Why doesn’t the mummy have any friends?  A: He is much too wrapped up in himself. ","  doesn’t  mummy   friends?     much  wrapped   . "
"Q: Why are graveyards always noisy and full of sick people?  A: Because of all the coffin [coughin'] ","   graveyards always noisy  full  sick people?       coffin [coughin'] "
"Q: What did one elevator say to the other?  A: I believe I am coming down with something. ","   one elevator say   ?    believe   coming   something. "
"Q: Which subject did the witch top in school?  A: Spelling. ","  subject   witch top  school?   spelling. "
"Q: Why made the doughnut owner wind up its business?  A: Mainly because, he got tired of the hole business [w-hole] ","  made  doughnut owner wind   business?   mainly ,  got tired   hole business [w-hole] "
"Q: Which is the tallest building in Transylvania called?  A: Naturally, the Vampire State Building. ","    tallest building  transylvania called?   naturally,  vampire state building. "
"Q: What kind of cats like to go bowling alley?  A: Obviously, the alley cats. ","  kind  cats like  go bowling alley?   obviously,  alley cats. "
"Q: What does a nosey pepper do?  A: Gets jalapeno business! ","    nosey pepper ?   gets jalapeno business! "
"Q: What do you call a fake noodle?  A: An Impasta ","    call  fake noodle?    impasta "
"Q: What do you call an alligator in a vest?  A: An Investigator ","    call  alligator   vest?    investigator "
"Q: What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish?  A: Every morning you'll rise and shine! ","  happens   eat yeast  shoe polish?   every morning 'll rise  shine! "
"Q: "What's the difference between a guitar and a fish?"  A: "You can't tuna fish." "," "'s  difference   guitar   fish?"   "  tuna fish." "
"Q: What do you call a pile of kittens?  A: a meowntain ","    call  pile  kittens?    meowntain "
"Q: What do you call a baby monkey?  A: A Chimp off the old block. ","    call  baby monkey?    chimp   old block. "
"Q: Did you hear about the race between the lettuce and the tomato?  A: The lettuce was a "head" and the tomato was trying to "ketchup"! ","   hear   race   lettuce   tomato?    lettuce   "head"   tomato  trying  "ketchup"! "
"Q: Did you hear about the hungry clock?  A: It went back four seconds. ","   hear   hungry clock?    went back four seconds. "
"Q: What do you call a boy who finally stood up to the bullies?  A: An ambulance. ","    call  boy  finally stood    bullies?    ambulance. "
"Q: Why can't you give Elsa a balloon?  A: Because she will Let it go. ","    give elsa  balloon?     will let  go. "
"Q: What do you get from a pampered cow?  A: Spoiled milk. ","    get   pampered cow?   spoiled milk. "
"Q: If Mississippi bought Virginia a New Jersey, what would Delaware?  A: Idaho... Alaska! ","  mississippi bought virginia  new jersey,   delaware?   idaho... alaska! "
"Q: Did you hear about that new broom?  A: It's sweeping the nation! ","   hear   new broom?   's sweeping  nation! "
"Q: What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter?  A: An irrelephant. ","    call  elephant   matter?    irrelephant. "
"Q: What do lawyers wear to court?  A: Lawsuits! ","   lawyers wear  court?   lawsuits! "
"Q: What gets wetter the more it dries?  A: A towel. ","  gets wetter    dries?    towel. "
"Q: Where do crayons go on vacation?  A: Color-ado! ","   crayons go  vacation?   color-ado! "
"Q: Why did the belt get arrested?  A: He held up a pair of pants. ","    belt get arrested?    held   pair  pants. "
"Q: What do you call a fat psychic?  A: A four chin teller. ","    call  fat psychic?    four chin teller. "
"Q: What do you call a computer floating in the ocean?  A: A Dell Rolling in the Deep. ","    call  computer floating   ocean?    dell rolling   deep. "
"Q: What did Bacon say to Tomato?  A: Lettuce get together! ","   bacon say  tomato?   lettuce get together! "
"Q: What do you call a computer that sings?  A: A-Dell ","    call  computer  sings?   -dell "
"Q: Did you hear about the shampoo shortage in Jamaica?  A: It's dread-full. ","   hear   shampoo shortage  jamaica?   's dread-full. "
"Q: What is it called when a cat wins a dog show?  A: A CAT-HAS-TROPHY! ","    called   cat wins  dog show?    cat--trophy! "
"Q: How do you make a tissue dance?  A: Put a little boogey in it! ","    make  tissue dance?   put  little boogey  ! "
"Q: What is heavy forward but not backward?  A: Ton. ","   heavy forward   backward?   ton. "
"Q: What do you call a gangsta snowman?  A: Froze-T ","    call  gangsta snowman?   froze-t "
"Q: What did the femur say to the patella?  A: I kneed you. ","    femur say   patella?    kneed . "
"Q: What do you get if you cross a cat with a dark horse?  A: Kitty Perry ","    get   cross  cat   dark horse?   kitty perry "
"Q: Why did the picture go to jail?  A: Because it was framed. ","    picture go  jail?      framed. "
"Q: What do you call a three-footed aardvark?  A: a yardvark! ","    call  three-footed aardvark?    yardvark! "
"Q: What do you get when you cross fish and an elephant?  A: Swimming trunks. ","    get   cross fish   elephant?   swimming trunks. "
"Q: Where do bees go to the bathroom?  A: At the BP station! ","   bees go   bathroom?     bp station! "
"Q: Who earns a living driving their customers away?  A: A taxi driver. ","  earns  living driving  customers away?    taxi driver. "
"Q: What do you call a laughing jar of mayonnaise?  A: LMAYO ","    call  laughing jar  mayonnaise?   lmayo "
"Q: What do you call a dinosaur with a extensive vocabulary?  A: a thesaurus. ","    call  dinosaur   extensive vocabulary?    thesaurus. "
"Q: "How do you shoot a killer bee?"  A: "With a bee bee gun." "," "   shoot  killer bee?"   "  bee bee gun." "
"Q: How do you drown a Hipster?  A: In the mainstream. ","    drown  hipster?     mainstream. "
"Q: What kind of jokes do you make in the shower?  A: Clean Jokes! ","  kind  jokes   make   shower?   clean jokes! "
"Q: What did the baby corn say to the mama corn?  A: "Where's Popcorn?" ","    baby corn say   mama corn?   "'s popcorn?" "
"Q: What do you call sad coffee?"  A: Despresso. ","    call sad coffee?"   despresso. "
"Q: How do you make holy water?  A: Boil the hell out of it! ","    make holy water?   boil  hell   ! "
"Q: What happened to the dog that swallowed a firefly?  A: It barked with de-light! ","  happened   dog  swallowed  firefly?    barked  de-light! "
"Q: What stays in the corner and travels all over the world?  A: A stamp. ","  stays   corner  travels    world?    stamp. "
"Q: What do you call a man with no body and just a nose?  A: Nobody nose. ","    call  man   body  just  nose?   nobody nose. "
"Q: Why did the computer go to the doctor?  A: Because it had a virus! ","    computer go   doctor?       virus! "
"Q: Why did the giraffe get bad grades?  A: He had his head in the clouds. ","    giraffe get bad grades?      head   clouds. "
"Q: Why are frogs so happy?  A: They eat whatever bugs them ","   frogs  happy?    eat whatever bugs  "
"Q: What is brown and has a head and a tail but no legs?  A: A penny. ","   brown    head   tail   legs?    penny. "
"Q: How do you make an Octupus laugh?  A: With ten-tickles ","    make  octupus laugh?    ten-tickles "
"Q: Why are pirates called pirates?  A: Cause they arrrrr. ","   pirates called pirates?   cause  arrrrr. "
"Q: What is the tallest building in the world?  A: The library! It has the most stories! ","    tallest building   world?    library!     stories! "
"Q: What's the first bet that most people make in their lives?  A: the alpha bet "," 's  first bet   people make   lives?    alpha bet "
"Q. What do you get when you cross a cow and a duck?  A. Milk and quackers! ",".    get   cross  cow   duck?  . milk  quackers! "
"Q: How do you organize a space party?  A: You planet! ","    organize  space party?    planet! "
"Q: What did the leopard say after eating his owner?  A: Man, that hit the "spot." ","    leopard say  eating  owner?   man,  hit  "spot." "
"Q: What do you call a sleeping bull?  A: A bulldozer! ","    call  sleeping bull?    bulldozer! "
"Q: What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops?  A: Guardians of the Galaxy. ","    call security guards working outside samsung shops?   guardians   galaxy. "
"Q: What do you call having your grandma on speed dial?  A: Instagram. ","    call   grandma  speed dial?   instagram. "
"Q: Why did the banana go to the Doctor?  A: Because it was not peeling well ","    banana go   doctor?       peeling well "
"Q: Why is England the wettest country?  A: Because the queen has reigned there for years! ","   england  wettest country?     queen  reigned   years! "
"Q: What belongs to you but others use more?  A: Your name ","  belongs    others use ?    name "
"Q: Why do fish live in salt water?  A: Because pepper makes them sneeze! ","   fish live  salt water?    pepper makes  sneeze! "
"Q: Why did the man put his money in the freezer?  A: He wanted cold hard cash! ","    man put  money   freezer?    wanted cold hard cash! "
"Q: What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?  A: Frostbite. ","    get   cross  snowman   vampire?   frostbite. "
"Q: What is the best day to go to the beach?  A: Sunday, of course! ","    best day  go   beach?   sunday,  course! "
"Q: Which is the building is the largest?  A: The library because it has the most stories. ","    building   largest?    library      stories. "
"Q: What do you call an illegally parked frog?  A: Toad. ","    call  illegally parked frog?   toad. "
"Q: What bow can't be tied?  A: A rainbow! ","  bow   tied?    rainbow! "
"Q: What do you call a laughing motorcycle?  A: A Yamahahaha ","    call  laughing motorcycle?    yamahahaha "
"Q: What season is it when you are on a trampoline?  A: Spring time. ","  season        trampoline?   spring time. "
"Q: Where did the computer go to dance?  A: To a disc-o. ","    computer go  dance?     disc-o. "
"Q: What has one head, one foot and four legs?  A: A Bed ","   one head, one foot  four legs?    bed "
"Q: What is the difference between a school teacher and a train?  A: The teacher says spit your gum out and the train says "chew chew chew". ","    difference   school teacher   train?    teacher says spit  gum    train says "chew chew chew". "
"Q: Why did the birdie go to the hospital?  A: To get a tweetment. ","    birdie go   hospital?    get  tweetment. "
"Q: Why did the cross-eyed teacher lose her job?  A: Because she couldn't control her pupils? ","    cross-eyed teacher lose  job?      control  pupils? "
"Q: What do you call someone who is afraid of Santa?  A: A Clausterphobic ","    call someone   afraid  santa?    clausterphobic "
"Q: What three candies can you find in every school?  A: Nerds, DumDums, and smarties. ","  three candies can  find  every school?   nerds, dumdums,  smarties. "
"Q: What sound do porcupines make when they kiss?  A: Ouch ","  sound  porcupines make   kiss?   ouch "
"Q: Why was the guy looking for fast food on his friend?  A: Because his friend said dinner is on me. ","    guy looking  fast food   friend?     friend said dinner   . "
"Q: Did you hear the joke about the roof?  A: Never mind, it's over your head! ","   hear  joke   roof?   never mind, 's   head! "
"Q: What do you call a bee that lives in America?  A: USB ","    call  bee  lives  america?   usb "
"Q: How do you make a tissue dance?  A: Put a bogey in it. ","    make  tissue dance?   put  bogey  . "
"Q: Why didn't the skeleton go to the dance?  A: Because he had no-body to go with. ","    skeleton go   dance?      -body  go . "
"Q: How do crazy people go through the forest?  A: They take the psycho path. ","   crazy people go   forest?    take  psycho path. "
"Q: Did you hear about the angry pancake?  A: He just flipped. ","   hear   angry pancake?    just flipped. "
"Q: What do prisoners use to call each other?  A: Cell phones. ","   prisoners use  call  ?   cell phones. "
"Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch?  A: Beef Jerky. ","    call  cow   twitch?   beef jerky. "
"Q: Did you ever hear about that movie constipation?  A: It never came out. ","   ever hear   movie constipation?    never came . "
"Q: What Do You Call A Bear With No Teeth?  A: A Gummy Bear ","    call  bear   teeth?    gummy bear "
"Q: What do you get when you cross Sonic The Hedgehog and Curious George?  A: 2 Fast 2 Curious ","    get   cross sonic  hedgehog  curious george?   2 fast 2 curious "
"Q: Did you hear about the hairdresser?  A: She dyed. ","   hear   hairdresser?    dyed. "
"Q: What do you call a musician with problems?  A: a trebled man. ","    call  musician  problems?    trebled man. "
"Q: Did you hear about the Italian chef that died?  A: He pasta way. ","   hear   italian chef  died?    pasta way. "
"Q: Where do snowmen keep their money?  A: In snow banks. ","   snowmen keep  money?    snow banks. "
"Q: What do you call a very religious person that sleep walks?  A: a Roman Catholic ","    call   religious person  sleep walks?    roman catholic "
"Q: Did you hear about the crab that went to the seafood disco?  A: He pulled a muscle ","   hear   crab  went   seafood disco?    pulled  muscle "
"Q: Did you hear about the carrot detective?  A: He got to the root of every case. ","   hear   carrot detective?    got   root  every case. "
"Q: Why can't you take a nap during a race?  A: Because if you snooze, you loose! ","    take  nap   race?      snooze,  loose! "
"Q. What did the tie say to the hat?  A. You go on ahead and I'll hang around ",".    tie say   hat?  .  go  ahead  'll hang around "
"Q: What washes up on very small beaches?  A: Microwaves! ","  washes    small beaches?   microwaves! "
"Q: What never asks questions but receives a lot of answers?  A: the Telephone. ","  never asks questions  receives  lot  answers?    telephone. "
"Q: What goes through towns, up & over hills, but doesn't move?  A: The road! ","  goes  towns,  &  hills,   move?    road! "
"Q: Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda?  A: He was lucky it was a soft drink. ","   hear   guy  got hit   head   can  soda?     lucky    soft drink. "
"Q: Why was there thunder and lightning in the lab?  A: The scientists were brainstorming! ","    thunder  lightning   lab?    scientists  brainstorming! "
"Q: What did Delaware?  A: a New Jersey ","   delaware?    new jersey "
"Q: Why did Tony go out with a prune?  A: Because he couldn't find a date! ","   tony go    prune?      find  date! "
"Q: What do you cal purple when it is being mean?  A: Violent. ","    cal purple     mean?   violent. "
"Q: What did the little mountain say to the big mountain?  A: Hi Cliff! ","    little mountain say   big mountain?   hi cliff! "
"Q: Did you hear the one about the geologist?  A: He took his wife for granite so she left him ","   hear  one   geologist?    took  wife  granite   left  "
"Q: What did Winnie The Pooh say to his agent?  A: Show me the honey! ","   winnie  pooh say   agent?   show   honey! "
"Q: What did the man say to the wall?  A: One more crack like that and I'll plaster ya! ","    man say   wall?   one  crack like   'll plaster ya! "
"Q: What do you get when you cross a fridge with a radio?  A: Cool Music ","    get   cross  fridge   radio?   cool music "
"Q: Why couldn't the pirate play cards?  A: Because he was sitting on the deck! ","    pirate play cards?      sitting   deck! "
"Q: What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu?  A: If you have bird flu, you need tweetment. If you have swine flu, you need oink-ment. "," 's  difference  bird flu  swine flu?      bird flu,  need tweetment.    swine flu,  need oink-ment. "
"Q: Why did the traffic light turn red?  A: You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street! ","    traffic light turn red?          change   middle   street! "
"Q: What did one elevator say to the other elevator?  A: I think I'm coming down with something! ","   one elevator say    elevator?    think 'm coming   something! "
"Q: What do you call a window that raps?  A: 2PANEZ ","    call  window  raps?   2panez "
"Q: What happened when a faucet, a tomato and lettuce were in a race?  A: The lettuce was ahead, the faucet was running and the tomato was trying to ketchup. ","  happened   faucet,  tomato  lettuce    race?    lettuce  ahead,  faucet  running   tomato  trying  ketchup. "
"Q: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long?  A: Because then it would be a foot! ","    nose  12 inches long?         foot! "
"Q: What has four wheels and flies?  A: A garbage truck! ","   four wheels  flies?    garbage truck! "
"Q: What starts with a P, ends with an E, and has a million letters in it?  A: Post Office! ","  starts   p, ends   e,    million letters  ?   post office! "
"Q: What do you call a belt with a watch on it?  A: A waist of time ","    call  belt   watch  ?    waist  time "
"Q: What did the blanket say to the bed?  A: Don't worry, I've got you covered! ","    blanket say   bed?    worry, 've got  covered! "
"Q: Why should you take a pencil to bed?  A: To draw the curtains! ","    take  pencil  bed?    draw  curtains! "
"Q: What do you call an unpredictable, out of control photographer?  A: a loose Canon ","    call  unpredictable,   control photographer?    loose canon "
"Q: What do you call a frozen dog?  A: A pupsicle. ","    call  frozen dog?    pupsicle. "
"Q: What does the Lone Ranger say when he takes out the garbage?  A: To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump. ","    lone ranger say   takes   garbage?     dump,   dump,   dump dump dump. "
"Q: How many books can you put in an empty backpack?  A: One! After that its not empty! ","  many books can  put   empty backpack?   one!     empty! "
"Q: What kind of button won't unbutton?  A: A bellybutton! ","  kind  button  unbutton?    bellybutton! "
"Q: What do you call an 80s synth pop band with a scoop of ice cream?  A: Depeche a la Mode. ","    call  80s synth pop band   scoop  ice cream?   depeche  la mode. "
"Q: What do you call a group of men waiting for a haircut?  A: A barbercue ","    call  group  men waiting   haircut?    barbercue "
"Q: Why do sea-gulls fly over the sea?  A: Because if they flew over the bay they would be bagels! ","   sea-gulls fly   sea?      flew   bay    bagels! "
"Q: What dog keeps the best time?  A: A watch dog. ","  dog keeps  best time?    watch dog. "
"Q: What do you call a condiment with a hit single?  A: a must"heard" ","    call  condiment   hit single?    must"heard" "
"Q: What do you call two fat people having a chat?  A: A heavy discussion ","    call two fat people   chat?    heavy discussion "
"Q: Why did the tomato turn red?  A: It saw the salad dressing! ","    tomato turn red?    saw  salad dressing! "
"Q: What do you get when you plant kisses?  A: Tu-lips (two-lips) ","    get   plant kisses?   tu-lips (two-lips) "
"Q: What did the daddy chimney say to the baby chimney?  A: You are to little to smoke! ","    daddy chimney say   baby chimney?      little  smoke! "
"Q: What do you call a ghosts mom and dad?  A: Transparents ","    call  ghosts mom  dad?   transparents "
"Q: Why did God make only one Yogi Bear?  A: Because when he tried to make a second one he made a Boo-Boo ","   god make  one yogi bear?      tried  make  second one  made  boo-boo "
"Q: What did the grape do when it got stepped on?  A: It let out a little wine! ","    grape    got stepped ?    let   little wine! "
"Q: What do you call the new girl at the bank?  A: The Nutella! ","    call  new girl   bank?    nutella! "
"Q: What did the judge say when the skunk walked in the court room?  A: Odor in the court. ","    judge say   skunk walked   court room?   odor   court. "
"Q: What did the fish say when he swam into the wall?  A: Dam! ","    fish say   swam   wall?   dam! "
"Q: Why don't skeletons fight each other?  A: They don't have the guts. ","   skeletons fight  ?       guts. "
"Q: What do you call cheese that is not yours?  A: Nacho Cheese ","    call cheese    ?   nacho cheese "
"Q: What streets do ghosts haunt?  A: Dead ends! ","  streets  ghosts haunt?   dead ends! "
"Q: Did you hear about the astronaut who stepped on chewing gum?  A: He got stuck in Orbit. ","   hear   astronaut  stepped  chewing gum?    got stuck  orbit. "
"Q: What did the penny say to the other penny?  A: We make perfect cents. ","    penny say    penny?    make perfect cents. "
"Q: Why did the man with one hand cross the road?  A: To get to the second hand shop. ","    man  one hand cross  road?    get   second hand shop. "
"Q: Why did the boy sprinkle sugar on his pillow before he went to sleep?  A: So he could have sweet dreams. ","    boy sprinkle sugar   pillow   went  sleep?       sweet dreams. "
"Q: What do you call a nervous javelin thrower?  A: Shakespeare. ","    call  nervous javelin thrower?   shakespeare. "
"Q: Did you hear about the painter who was hospitalized?  A: Reports say it was due to too many strokes. ","   hear   painter   hospitalized?   reports say   due   many strokes. "
"Q: Why did the robber take a bath?  A: Because he wanted to make a clean getaway. ","    robber take  bath?     wanted  make  clean getaway. "
"Q: What happens if life gives you melons?  A: Your dyslexic ","  happens  life gives  melons?    dyslexic "
"Q: What did the judge say to the dentist?  A: Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth. ","    judge say   dentist?     swear  pull  tooth,  whole tooth  nothing   tooth. "
"Q: Why did the boy tiptoe past the medicine cabinet?  A: He didn't want to wake the sleeping pills! ","    boy tiptoe past  medicine cabinet?     want  wake  sleeping pills! "
"Q: What do you call a funny mountain?  A: hill-arious ","    call  funny mountain?   hill-arious "
"Q: What goes up when the rain comes down?  A: An umbrella. ","  goes    rain comes ?    umbrella. "
"Q: Why did the belt go to jail?  A: Because it held up a pair of pants! ","    belt go  jail?     held   pair  pants! "
"Q: Did you hear about the calendar thief?  A: He got 12 months; they say his days are numbered ","   hear   calendar thief?    got 12 months;  say  days  numbered "
"Q: What happens if life gives you melons?  A: Your dyslexic ","  happens  life gives  melons?    dyslexic "
"Q: What did one raindrop say to the other?  A: Two's company, three's a cloud ","   one raindrop say   ?   two's company, three's  cloud "
"Q: Why did the balloon burst?  A: Because is saw a lolly pop ","    balloon burst?     saw  lolly pop "
"Q: Did you hear about the sick juggler?  A: They say he couldnt stop throwing up! ","   hear   sick juggler?    say  couldnt stop throwing ! "
"Q: What kind of driver never get a parking ticket?  A: A screw driver ","  kind  driver never get  parking ticket?    screw driver "
"Q: What did the stamp say to the envelope?  A: Stick with me and we will go places! ","    stamp say   envelope?   stick     will go places! "
"Q: Who can shave 10 times a day and still have a beard?  A: A barber. ","  can shave 10 times  day  still   beard?    barber. "
"Q: What do you call a horse that can't lose a race?  A: Sherbet ","    call  horse   lose  race?   sherbet "
"Q: What do you call a dentist in the army?  A: A drill sergeant ","    call  dentist   army?    drill sergeant "
"Q: What did the triangle say to the circle?  A: Your pointless! ","    triangle say   circle?    pointless! "
"Q: Did you hear about the new Johnny Depp movie?  A: It's the one rated Arrrr! ","   hear   new johnny depp movie?   's  one rated arrrr! "
"Q: Why does a milking stool have only 3 legs?  A: Because the cow has the utter. ","    milking stool   3 legs?     cow   utter. "
"Q: What's easy to get into but hard to get out of?  A: Trouble "," 's easy  get   hard  get  ?   trouble "
"Q: Did you hear about the guy who died when an axe fell on him?  A: The police are calling it an axe-i-dent. ","   hear   guy  died   axe fell  ?    police  calling   axe--dent. "
"Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road?  A: Because the chicken joke wasn't invented yet. ","    dinosaur cross  road?     chicken joke  invented yet. "
"Q: What kind of lights did Noah use on the Ark?  A: Flood lights! ","  kind  lights  noah use   ark?   flood lights! "
"Q: Did you hear about the monster with five legs?  A: His trousers fit him like a glove. ","   hear   monster  five legs?    trousers fit  like  glove. "
"Q: Why don't you see giraffes in elementary school?  A: Because they're all in High School! ","    see giraffes  elementary school?    're   high school! "
"Q: Which is the longest word in the dictionary?  A: "Smiles", because there is a mile between each "s"! ","    longest word   dictionary?   "smiles",     mile   "s"! "
"Q: What happened to the wooden car with wooden wheels and wooden engine?  A: it wooden go! ","  happened   wooden car  wooden wheels  wooden engine?    wooden go! "
"Q: Which month do soldiers hate most?  A: The month of March! ","  month  soldiers hate ?    month  march! "
"Q: What did the painter say to the wall?  A: One more crack like that and I'll plaster you! ","    painter say   wall?   one  crack like   'll plaster ! "
"Q: What do you call a Bee who is having a bad hair day?  A: A Frisbee. ","    call  bee     bad hair day?    frisbee. "
"Q: What did the M&M go to college?  A: Because he wanted to be a Smarty. ","    m&m go  college?     wanted    smarty. "
"Q: What stays on the ground but never gets dirty?  A: Shadow. ","  stays   ground  never gets dirty?   shadow. "
"Q: What kind of shorts do clouds wear?  A: Thunderwear ","  kind  shorts  clouds wear?   thunderwear "
"Q: Why do golfers wear two pairs of pants?  A: In case they get a hole in one! ","   golfers wear two pairs  pants?    case  get  hole  one! "
"Q: What kind of berry has a coloring book?  A: A crayon-berry ","  kind  berry   coloring book?    crayon-berry "
"Q: What do you call a magician on a plane?  A: A flying sorcerer! ","    call  magician   plane?    flying sorcerer! "
"Q: Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?  A: He wanted to get to the bottom. ","    toilet paper roll   hill?    wanted  get   bottom. "
"Q: Who cleans the bottom of the ocean?  A: A Mer-Maid ","  cleans  bottom   ocean?    mer-maid "
"Q: Whens the best time to go to the dentist?  A: Tooth-hurty "," whens  best time  go   dentist?   tooth-hurty "
"Q: What did one aspiring wig say to the other aspiring wig?  A: I wanna get a head! ","   one aspiring wig say    aspiring wig?    wanna get  head! "
"Q: Did you hear about the paddle sale at the boat store?  A: It was quite an oar deal. ","   hear   paddle sale   boat store?     quite  oar deal. "
"Q: Why did Goofy put a clock under his desk?  A: Because he wanted to work over-time! ","   goofy put  clock   desk?     wanted  work -time! "
"Q: Do you know why diarrhea is hereditary?  A: Because it runs through your jeans. ","   know  diarrhea  hereditary?     runs   jeans. "
"What would you do if I stole a kiss?  Call the Police ","      stole  kiss?  call  police "
"Q: What do you call a South American girl who is always in a hurry?  A: Urgent Tina ","    call  south american girl   always   hurry?   urgent tina "
"Q: Why did Johnny throw the clock out of the window?  A: Because he wanted to see time fly! ","   johnny throw  clock    window?     wanted  see time fly! "
"Q: When do you stop at green and go at red?  A: When you're eating a watermelon! ","    stop  green  go  red?    're eating  watermelon! "
"Q: What did the tailor think of her new job?  A: It was sew sew. ","    tailor think   new job?     sew sew. "
"Q: How did the farmer mend his pants?  A: With cabbage patches! ","    farmer mend  pants?    cabbage patches! "
"Q: Why did the man lose his job at the orange juice factory?  A: He couldn't concentrate! ","    man lose  job   orange juice factory?     concentrate! "
"Q: Can I tell you a joke about paper?  A: Nah, never mind, its tearable. "," can  tell   joke  paper?   nah, never mind,  tearable. "
"Q: How do you repair a broken tomato?  A: Tomato Paste! ","    repair  broken tomato?   tomato paste! "
"Q: Why did the baby strawberry cry?  A: Because his parents were in a jam! ","    baby strawberry cry?     parents    jam! "
"Q: What did the hamburger name his daughter?  A: Patty! ","    hamburger name  daughter?   patty! "
"Q: What kind of egg did the bad chicken lay?  A: A deviled egg! ","  kind  egg   bad chicken lay?    deviled egg! "
"Q: What kind of key opens the door on Thanksgiving?  A: A turkey! ","  kind  key opens  door  thanksgiving?    turkey! "
"Q: Why did the cookie go to the hospital?  A: He felt crummy! ","    cookie go   hospital?    felt crummy! "
"Q: Why were the teacher's eyes crossed?  A: She couldn't control her pupils! ","    teacher's eyes crossed?     control  pupils! "
"Q: What do you call a guy who never farts in public?  A: A private tutor. ","    call  guy  never farts  public?    private tutor. "
"Q: What do you call a bear with no socks on?  A: Bare-foot. ","    call  bear   socks ?   bare-foot. "
"Q: What can you serve but never eat?  A: A volleyball. ","  can  serve  never eat?    volleyball. "
"Q: What kind of shoes do all spies wear?  A: Sneakers. ","  kind  shoes   spies wear?   sneakers. "
"Q: Why did the soccer player bring string to the game?  A: So he could tie the score. ","    soccer player bring string   game?      tie  score. "
"Q: Why is a baseball team similar to a muffin?  A: They both depend on the batter. ","    baseball team similar   muffin?     depend   batter. "
"Q: What did the alien say to the garden?  A: Take me to your weeder. ","    alien say   garden?   take    weeder. "
"Q: What do you call two fat people having a chat?  A: A heavy discussion. ","    call two fat people   chat?    heavy discussion. "
"Q: Did you hear about the two bed bugs who met in the mattress?  A: They got married in the spring. ","   hear   two bed bugs  met   mattress?    got married   spring. "
"Q: Why do watermelons have fancy weddings?  A: Because they cantaloupe. ","   watermelons  fancy weddings?     cantaloupe. "
"Q: Have you heard the joke about the butter?  A: I better not tell you, it might spread. ","   heard  joke   butter?    better  tell ,  might spread. "
"Q: How do baseball players stay cool?  A: They sit next to their fans. ","   baseball players stay cool?    sit next   fans. "
"Q: Why was the math book sad?  A: Because it had too many problems. ","    math book sad?       many problems. "
"Q: What runs but doesn't get anywhere?  A: A refrigerator. ","  runs   get anywhere?    refrigerator. "
"Q: What is an astronaut's favorite place on a computer?  A: The Space bar! ","    astronaut's favorite place   computer?    space bar! "
"Q: Why was the robot mad?  A: People kept pushing its buttons. ","    robot mad?   people kept pushing  buttons. "
"Q: What exam do young witches have to pass?  A: A spell-ing test! ","  exam  young witches   pass?    spell-ing test! "
"Q: What do you call a sheep with no head and no legs?  A: A cloud! ","    call  sheep   head   legs?    cloud! "
"Q: Why did the boy eat his homework?  A: Because his teacher said it was a piece of cake! ","    boy eat  homework?     teacher said    piece  cake! "
"Q: Why is Basketball such a messy sport?  A: Because you dribble on the floor! ","   basketball   messy sport?     dribble   floor! "
"Q: How do you communicate with a fish?  A: Drop him a line! ","    communicate   fish?   drop   line! "
"Q: What did the digital watch say to his grandfather?  A: Look grandpa no hands! ","    digital watch say   grandfather?   look grandpa  hands! "
"Q: Where do sheep go to get haircuts?  A: To the Baa Baa shop! ","   sheep go  get haircuts?     baa baa shop! "
"Q: What does a shark like to eat with peanut butter?  A: Jellyfish! ","    shark like  eat  peanut butter?   jellyfish! "
"Q: What do cats eat for breakfast?  A: Mice Crispies! ","   cats eat  breakfast?   mice crispies! "
"Q: Why can't a leopard hide?  A: Because he's always spotted! ","    leopard hide?    's always spotted! "
"Q: What do you give a dog with a fever?  A: Mustard, its the best thing for a hot dog! ","    give  dog   fever?   mustard,   best thing   hot dog! "
"Q: What do you get when you cross a cat with a lemon?  A: A sour puss! ","    get   cross  cat   lemon?    sour puss! "
"Q: What kind of flower doesn't sleep at night?  A: The Day-zzz ","  kind  flower  sleep  night?    day-zzz "
"Q: Why do birds fly south for the winter?  A: Its easier than walking! ","   birds fly south   winter?    easier  walking! "
"Q: What kind of key opens a banana?  A: A monkey! ","  kind  key opens  banana?    monkey! "
"Q: Did you hear about the vampire bicycle that went round biting people's arms off?  A: It was a vicious cycle. ","   hear   vampire bicycle  went round biting people's arms ?      vicious cycle. "
"Q: How do you know that carrots are good for your eyesight?  A: Have you ever seen a rabbit wearing glasses? ","    know  carrots  good   eyesight?     ever seen  rabbit wearing glasses? "
"Q: Why does a hummingbird hum?  A: It doesn't know the words! ","    hummingbird hum?     know  words! "
"Q: What did one plate say to the other?  A: Dinners on me ","   one plate say   ?   dinners   "
"Q: Why are some fish at the bottom of the ocean?  A: Because they dropped out of school! ","    fish   bottom   ocean?     dropped   school! "
"Q: What goes up and down but doesn't move?  A: The temperature! ","  goes      move?    temperature! "
"Q: Which weighs more, a ton of feathers or a ton of bricks?  A: Neither, they both weigh a ton! ","  weighs ,  ton  feathers   ton  bricks?   neither,   weigh  ton! "
"Q: Did you hear about the blonde who gave her cat a bath?  A: She still hasn't gotten all the hair off her tongue. ","   hear   blonde  gave  cat  bath?    still  gotten   hair   tongue. "
"Q: What has one horn and gives milk?  A: A milk truck. ","   one horn  gives milk?    milk truck. "
"Q: Where do bulls get their messages?  A: On a bull-etin board. ","   bulls get  messages?     bull-etin board. "
"Q: What do bulls do when they go shopping?  A: They CHARGE! ","   bulls    go shopping?    charge! "
"Q: What do you call a house that likes food?  A: a Condoment! ","    call  house  likes food?    condoment! "
"Q: What runs but can't walk?  A: The faucet! ","  runs   walk?    faucet! "
"Q: What kind of bed does a mermaid sleep in?  A: A water bed! ","  kind  bed   mermaid sleep ?    water bed! "
"Q: What kind of crackers do firemen like in their soup?  A: Firecrackers! ","  kind  crackers  firemen like   soup?   firecrackers! "
"Q: Why did the barber win the race?  A: Because he took a short cut. ","    barber win  race?     took  short cut. "
"Q: Where do boats go when they get sick?  A: The dock ","   boats go   get sick?    dock "
"Q: What do you call leftover aliens?  A: Extra Terrestrials. ","    call leftover aliens?   extra terrestrials. "
"Q: What's taken before you get it?  A: Your picture. "," 's taken   get ?    picture. "
"Q: Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup?  A: You can roast beef, but you cant pea soup! "," whats  difference  roast beef  pea soup?    can roast beef,   cant pea soup! "
"Q: What concert costs 45 cents?  A: 50 Cent featuring Nickleback. ","  concert costs 45 cents?   50 cent featuring nickleback. "
"Q: Can February March?  A: No. But April May. "," can february march?   .  april may. "
"Did you hear about the injured vegetable?  Some say he got beet. ","  hear   injured vegetable?   say  got beet. "
"Q: Why did the tree go to the dentist?  A: To get a root canal. ","    tree go   dentist?    get  root canal. "
"Q: What is it called when a cat wins a dog show?  A: A CAT-HAS-TROPHY! ","    called   cat wins  dog show?    cat--trophy! "
"Q: Why was the broom late?  A: It over swept! ","    broom late?     swept! "
"Q: Why is a 2016 calendar more popular than a 2015 calendar?  A: It has more dates. ","    2016 calendar  popular   2015 calendar?      dates. "
"Q: What caused the airline to go bankrupt?  A: Runway inflation. ","  caused  airline  go bankrupt?   runway inflation. "
"Q: What do you call a snowman with a six pack?  A: An abdominal snowman. ","    call  snowman   six pack?    abdominal snowman. "
"Q: Did you hear the joke about the germ?  A: Never mind. I don't want to spread it around ","   hear  joke   germ?   never mind.   want  spread  around "
"Q: What do you call a person that chops up cereal?  A: a cereal killer. ","    call  person  chops  cereal?    cereal killer. "
"Q: What do you call a crushed angle?  A: a rectangle ","    call  crushed angle?    rectangle "
"Q: Who do fish always know how much they weigh?  A: Because they have their own scales. ","   fish always know  much  weigh?        scales. "
"Q: Why didn't the 11 year old go to the pirate movie?  A: because it was rated arrrrr ","    11 year old go   pirate movie?      rated arrrrr "
"Q: What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?  A: SUPPLIES! ","    janitor say   jumped    closet?   supplies! "
"Q: What did the tie say to the hat?  A: You go on ahead and I'll hang around! ","    tie say   hat?    go  ahead  'll hang around! "
"Q: Did you hear about the limo driver who went 25 years without a customer?  A: All that time and nothing to chauffeur it. ","   hear   limo driver  went 25 years without  customer?     time  nothing  chauffeur . "
"Q: Why did the scarecrow win the nobel prize?  A: Because he was outstanding in his field. ","    scarecrow win  nobel prize?      outstanding   field. "
"Q: What pet makes the loudest noise?  A: A trum-pet! ","  pet makes  loudest noise?    trum-pet! "
"Q: Did you hear about the kidnapping?  A: He woke up. ","   hear   kidnapping?    woke . "
"Q: What the difference between you and a calendar?  A: a calendar has dates. ","   difference     calendar?    calendar  dates. "
"Q: What do you call a rabbit with fleas?  A: Bugs Bunny! ","    call  rabbit  fleas?   bugs bunny! "
"Q: What word looks the same backwards and upside down?  A: Swims ","  word looks   backwards  upside ?   swims "
"Q: Why did the manager hire the marsupial?  A: Because he was koala-fied. ","    manager hire  marsupial?      koala-fied. "
